hey I'm smooth manic I'm going to tell
you how to make the grades at school now
all you have to do is study number one
study number two don't talk as much
that's a big problem in school that's
how when you have like parent-teacher
conferences and then your parents come
on give you the evil look and then uh
you buy one but and then people say you
were talking too much see I that
concentrate that concert just to
concentrate all that here's what i do i
see at the back of the room not because
I'm in trouble or anything I just like
that I just like to be alone my own
space no and yeah and another thing you
don't is when negative things teachers
over yet stop getting out of your seats
that's a big one I always get on my seat
don't raise my hand we shot at this
school we got to this for bathroom this
petition this foot trash this for
materials and this walk question see I
just like because one of my teachers
just let me get up she only uses this
one and this one I don't understand that
but still but stop getting out of your
seat and oh this is the biggest one out
of all of them study and do your
homework study into you if you study and
do your homework you will you probably
get I don't know it all depends on how
how you study or how you do your
homework but if you do your homework
good you'll probably end up getting the
three good GPA of 3.8 or four point oh
but if you just
by some down don't stay that much you
probably get maybe 2.5 2.7 2.9 barely at
three point oh so basically all you have
to do study to get your teacher like you
just do what they say now if it's like
bizarre like oh go sweep the hallway or
go sleep my floor shine my shoes now
that's something that you need to talk
to your parents about that's kind of
abusive but I and that's how you make
good grades in school